Return-Path: <linux-kernel-owner@vger.kernel.org>
X-Original-To: lists+linux-kernel@lfdr.de
Delivered-To: lists+linux-kernel@lfdr.de
Received: from vger.kernel.org (vger.kernel.org [23.128.96.18])
	by mail.lfdr.de (Postfix) with ESMTP id 3FB6525659C
	for <lists+linux-kernel@lfdr.de>; Sat, 29 Aug 2020 09:27:13 +0200 (CEST)
Received: (majordomo@vger.kernel.org) by vger.kernel.org via listexpand
        id S1727008AbgH2H1K (ORCPT <rfc822;lists+linux-kernel@lfdr.de>);
        Sat, 29 Aug 2020 03:27:10 -0400
Received: from mail.cock.li ([37.120.193.124]:41844 "EHLO mail.cock.li"
        rhost-flags-OK-OK-OK-OK) by vger.kernel.org with ESMTP
        id S1726083AbgH2H1I (ORCPT <rfc822;linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org>);
        Sat, 29 Aug 2020 03:27:08 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/simple; d=firemail.cc; s=mail;
        t=1598686024; bh=vflWA/LonQhWee+V4EJyhQMkrQw4PVDpac4i9fXO+OI=;
        h=Date:From:To:Cc:Subject:From;
        b=M1o6+E5vmpxWQ+hoyvU/zq41IKSALtmum0Pk9wUFMpQUjBvY1CAQv4e0Li42xss0+
         Kyv5lNYKkH0UEBlzAsaTFdl1dnCW2BGvZqY6Oe4t/rjwLqbAQeTbiuKHtUyRAI9ny+
         90x6AyZKZWhBswpInh6cUZznijDDG4UEoPkOaOZMVWFtZgPWkzJoQS+1NoxeMFE9WI
         03oOujwREukJJfm06vaUHiZ3UhnKvaj0cEhy3MPDQUsAGU51+bFby6JTHgMgZetAHp
         58OLUUYk+N8vrWbLWFXyUVfz2e+iM2qH0Umik7OFy4DTvMQwdsNBEWoOMfZCvS37r6
         AHbrRl8On4tJQ==
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII;
 format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Date:   Sat, 29 Aug 2020 07:27:04 +0000
From:   formermusictribemember@firemail.cc
To:     linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org
Cc:     torvalds@osdl.org, pkunert@theregister.com
Subject: Uli Behringer is a racist and a sexist. Worked at Music Tribe for 30
 years (it's name has changed repeatedly).
Message-ID: <2f8a68eaf76e8af243b5c356cfcefae0@firemail.cc>
X-Sender: formermusictribemember@firemail.cc
User-Agent: Roundcube Webmail/1.3.10
Sender: linux-kernel-owner@vger.kernel.org
Precedence: bulk
List-ID: <linux-kernel.vger.kernel.org>
X-Mailing-List: linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org

Uli Behringer is a racist and a sexist. Worked at Music Tribe for 30 
years (it's name has changed repeatedly)


Cons of working at Music Tribe:
Uli Behringer, the CEO, is a racist and a sexist. You can tell by the 
way he presents himself: plastic surgery to uphold his boyish youthful 
looks; originally natural blonde hair (now dyed since he's 60 and going 
grey); resplendent blue eyes (these have always been natural). The 
spitting image of past euro-centric times. He refuses to dye his hair a 
more world-representative black or dark brown, and refuses to wear black 
or brown contact lenses. He seems proud of his visage: that of a 
proto-typical (Swiss)-German. He is also proud of his German surname and 
emblazons it on everything: as if it was a coat-of-arms of a great 
House.

When I worked for Music Tribe / Music Group / Behringer (the name keeps 
changing), Uli mostly wanted us to hire Engineers and Programmers. He 
was happy with the over-representation of white and european males in 
his companies. He ONLY talked to those (mostly white and european) male 
programmers and engineers. He ROUTINELY fired WHOLE OFFICES of 
non-white-non-engineer-non-programmers-non-males like the marketing 
departments. He always drove the factory workers hard, but was kinder 
(though demanding) of the white males: he had a sort of 
engineer-to-engineer camaraderie with them..

In a time when Responsible Global Companies are choosing to hire more 
representative candidates and women over white males: Uli Behringer 
continues to employ white-males in his companies. Additionally Uli 
Behringer loaths to cover advanced anti-viral treatments that are 
required by American workers: he believed that simply living a "normal" 
lifestyle would not-necessitate such treatments. This is why he closed 
the office in Seattle: he didn't want to pay for "LGBT related 
treatments that were a waste of money and their own fault anyway". He 
has a similar view of American women's "ways".

The CEO: Uli Behringer rejects the modern world; this is in-part why he 
is recreating the synths of his youth (youth which he tries to keep a 
grasp of through vainglorious plastic surgery and constant physical 
workouts). This is also why he has hidden himself away in Asia for the 
past 30 years, and sheds light on the way his company (and it is HIS 
company: he runs everything: even though he has the money to hire 
managers to parcel out tasks). In his early youth America had not yet 
fully taken control over all of Europe, in terms of enforced morals. 
Once they did Uli fled to Asia where older male-centric morals abound 
(simply: Asia allows wealthy business men girls; while America imprisons 
any male that breaks said American rules protecting women.)

Uli Behringer does NOT donate ANY money to Girls Not Brides campaign, 
nor to LGBT groups, nor to women-empowerment groups. He believes that by 
NOT donating he keeps prices low for his "real" customers.

The fact of the matter is that these "real" customers: the bedroom 
musicians and synth freaks are mostly, demographically, white males. Uli 
Behringer prides himself in "not screwing them over". But by doing this, 
underprivledged groups and causes are not served. What is right and just 
in this world is for the white males of the opressive group to have to 
pay recompense to those who were and are opressed. In other companies 
these donation drives are built into the cost to the consumer. In Uli 
Behringer's company they are not: since he does not donate millions of 
dollars to said causes.

By not donating to Girls Not Brides, Uli Behringer shows that he does 
not mind girls getting married young. By not donating to LGBT charities 
Uli Behringer shows that he does not particularly care about the plight 
of the actual good people of this world.

In summary: If you support Racism, Sexism, race-to-the-bottom, 
consumer-price-point driven development, and incel-white-males who buy 
synthesizers. Then this is the company for you. If not: if you are an 
actually good person who rejects the sexist religions of old and 
embraces the new world where good people can prosper: avoid this company 
and campaign against it: your life may be on the line: if Uli undercuts 
your company you will be laid off and lose your health insurance and 
your anti-virals needed to live. It's THAT serious.


Pros of working at Music Tribe:
It's a good place if you are a programmer or an engineer, I guess. I 
eventually got old, had enough money, and wanted to do nothing so I 
resigned after 3 decades of a tireless race to the bottom. The name of 
the game it to screw over the other companies, more than make as much 
money as possible. Very different from other companies. It's good if you 
like that sort of thing. There are celebrations when other companies 
have to lay off their workers due to Uli undercutting them. He has a wry 
smile when he knows what's about to occur before we do.



Suggestions to Management:
Convince Uli Behringer to do an IPO: that way he will lose control of 
his company and can be removed by the Board once he floats another 
"CorkSniffer" anti-Semitic / racist prank (his fans actually want him to 
produce that device still).
